---
title: "Increased Risk Taking by Lifecycle Funds"
collection: publications
excerpt: 'The ability to autonomously navigate safely, especially within dynamic environments, is paramount for mobile robotics. In recent years, DRL approaches have shown superior performance in dynamic obstacle avoidance. However, these learning-based approaches are often developed in specially designed simulation environments and are hard to test against conventional planning approaches. Furthermore, the integration and deployment of these approaches into real robotic platforms are not yet completely solved. In this paper, we present Arena-bench, a benchmark suite to train, test, and evaluate navigation planners on different robotic platforms within 3D environments. It provides tools to design and generate highly dynamic evaluation worlds, scenarios, and tasks for autonomous navigation and is fully integrated into the robot operating system. To demonstrate the functionalities of our suite, we trained a DRL agent on our platform and compared it against a variety of existing different model-based and learning-based navigation approaches on a variety of relevant metrics. Finally, we deployed the approaches towards real robots and demonstrated the reproducibility of the results.'
date: 2025-09-01
venue: 'Pacific Basin Finance Jounal'
paperurl: 'https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pacfin.2025.102816'
citation: 'L. Kastner et. al. (2022) "Arena-Bench: A Benchmarking Suite for Obstacle Avoidance Approaches in Highly Dynamic Environments" Robotics and Automation Letters.'
---
Lifecycle funds, also known as target-date funds, are designed to follow a glide path, gradually reducing investments in risky assets as investors approach retirement. However, we document that Australian lifecycle funds have, on average, increased growth asset allocation over the past decade, shifting the glide path upward. This trend deviates from the expected risk-reduction strategy by lifecycle funds and is particularly pronounced in retail funds with lower initial risk exposure. The shift can be attributed to lifecycle funds catering to investors' return-chasing and the market perception that some lifecycle funds are overly conservative.
[Download paper here](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pacfin.2025.102816)
